# Bellabeat
Bellabeat, a high-tech company that manufactures health-focused smart products. Collecting data on activity, sleep, stress, and reproductive health has allowed Bellabeat to empower women with knowledge about their own health and habits.

1.1 Statement of task
This analysis seeks to reveal the trend in smart device used by consumers in their daily activities such as walk, sleeping monitoring, heart-beat rate, calories and weight loss. This seeks to reveal the most common features in the smart device used by consumers and how this trend can inform bellabeat marketing strategy.

1.2 Key stakeholder(s)
Bellabeat
Founders: Urška Sršen and Sando Mur

2.0 Introduction into the dataset¶
We will dive into the dataset by keeping the original dataset and making a copy for our analysis in order to maintain the originallity of the data.

2.1 About the dataset
This dataset generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp (column B). Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors /preferences.

2.2 Source
The dataset was put together by FitBit Fitness. Please [click here](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit)] for more information to ready more about the dataset.

2.3 Data Intergrity, Privacy and Credibility
We verified the authenticity of the data and also privacy, security, and accessibility. This data seeks to be used for it intense purpose, only for business analysis for Bellabeat.


